hey um you guys have any juice just
pickle
hey yeah Rach funny story I bumped into
Joanna on the street yesterday my boss
Joanna wow that must've been awkward
well no actually she asked me if I want
to get a drink huh huh Hugh uh didn't
say yes to that did you ah hello Rachel
well not at first what is she doing here
I don't understand this time you went
out with her you said she was a big dull
dud I think I judged her too quickly and
this time we were able to take the
relationship to the next level last time
I almost got fired
you must end it you must end it now oh
come on it's not like this an everyday
occurrence for me I mean usually I'm
pretty much just in there by myself
Taylor promise me you will end it okay I
promise I'll end it thank you but I hope
you know what I'm giving up for you
because she's not just the boss in your
office you know what I mean oh I'm sorry
I knew what he meant it just doesn't
feel like we're breaking up no we are
I'm sad okay yes I couldn't wait til
tomorrow all right
unbelievable Thanks no no no that was my
boss I have to go okay what are you
doing I'm getting dressed why when I
walk outside naked people throw garbage
at me wait I want to show you something
what is it just a little gag gift
somebody gave me put your hands together
oh you're not the boss of me
yeah our hmm saucy I'll be back in two
minutes
you're right did you're gonna leave me
like this knowing you're here waiting
for me I think that's kind of exciting
good okay but if you don't come back
soon there's pretty much nothing I can
do about it oh right I brought you back
a macaroon oh great I'll keep it in my
butt with your nose
that's weird she locked the door you
know why she's got the Christmas bonus
list in there
I saw her working on it this morning
okay
swear you won't tell but when Mark left
he gave me a key to his office you want
to see the lid
hi
how are you hello Joanna office really
sorry but I may be a little while longer
Oh it'll a couple hours I feel awful
look this isn't funny you get back here
right now can't why not
I'm in my boss's car what Oh